feat: add docs for standalone binaries and Go client (#56)
web3-storage/www: src/pages/docs/faq.md

## Are there client libraries other than Javascript?

> Yes! There is now a [client in Go](/docs/go-w3up). However, it is heavily under development and not yet fully featured. Alternatively, you can use the CLI for many programmatic use cases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Yes! There is a [client in Go](/docs/go-w3up). However, it is heavily under development at the time of writing and not yet fully featured. Alternatively, you can use the CLI for many programmatic use cases.
```

that is true now, but I would remove the now as these FAQ should not have into context the time they were written
